Add `Project Loved: February 2024` news post (#10976)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-02-14-project-loved-february-2024.md

In case you're still living under a rock, or have freshly blossomed into the community, Project Loved hosts community voting polls each month to decide which beatmaps get added to the [Loved category](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved). All of the maps are chosen by the [Loved captains](https://loved.sh/team) of their respective game modes. Each beatmap banner in this news post will redirect you to the respective poll, or you can view them all directly on the [Project Loved forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/120). The voting process lasts for 10 days, so don't forget to vote! More info can be found on the [wiki page](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) and [website](https://loved.sh).

As per usual, we would like to thank everyone for your participation in the January votes. If you would like to view the results from the previous round, visit the following links:

- [Results for osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1874119)
- [Results for osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1874118)
- [Results for osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1874117)
- [Results for osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1874116)

> Before we move on to the picks, review a few changes within the Loved team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we move on to the picks, feel free to take a moment to review a few changes within the Loved team:
```

If you are enough of a masochist that you read all of that and immediately want to compete on a leaderboard for a top placement, vote yes now!

---

From [everyone working on Project Loved](https://loved.sh/contributors), we hope you enjoyed this month's selection and are looking forward to the next! The favoured beatmaps will hit the [Loved beatmap listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved) shortly after the polls end. So, don't forget to stay hydrated and vote on your favourite beatmaps in order for that to happen!

More info about Project Loved can be found on its [wiki page](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) and [website](https://loved.sh/). Stop by the `#osu-loved` channel of the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy) if you have any questions, concerns, or are interested in helping out.

> Also on the topic of love and valentine...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also on the topic of love and considering today's special date...
```
